9 a.m. in greater China. You're watching
the China show. I'm Yvon Man with David
and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open markets here in Hong Kong. Middle
markets are shut today. Our top stories,
Asian stocks rising as oil prices
stabilizing with President Trump saying
that the military will guide stranded
ships through the straight of Hormuz.
>> Meanwhile, China tells us refiners to
ignore US sanctions linked to Iranian
oil. will match out into detentions
ahead of this month's summit between
President Trump and Xi Jinping.
>> And I'm Mman Low at the Wanchai District
Court in Hong Kong where a closely
watched trial is set to begin. Block
trade king Simon Cellar and his former
hedge fund Saganti Capital denying
charges of insider dealing.
All
right. Of course, we kick off the week
here with uh oil prices once again front
and center. Seems like we started the
day or the week uh with oil prices a
little bit lower, but now we're coming
back that here. Just there's still a lot
uncertainty of what you know the US has
said about really escorting ships
through the straight of Hormuz and what
that's really going to look like. Yeah,
it's feels like we're on and it's
encouraging and it's certainly bought
much better position than we were going
into the weekend, but it's really simply
at the margin. We're getting a lot more
of the positive news flowing through as
well. And I think the oil price tells
you the fact that we're still above 105
tells you that, you know, these are
still fairly extreme levels. U but but
yes, this is something that we'll
continue to track. It's certainly a
specifically new development in as far
as uh what types of vessels and ships uh
could be able to to to to pass through.
Um and we're coming out of of a stellar
month really for equity markets I think
with US stocks in a fiveweek rally. Um
and the AI play certainly put the the
war behind it quite quite obviously at
this point.
>> Yeah. And it really is this whole AI
boom that continues to offset and
overshadow what you're seeing which is
this energy shock across the region,
right? And you know, take a look what we
saw with GDP numbers coming out Taiwan
last week. We're talking about north of
13%. There is reason why this equity
market continues to charge higher. There
you go. We're up close to 3% at the
early get-go here right now, Dave.
>> Yeah, 40,000 on the Tyx index. Uh 14% as
Ivan was mentioning there. the high
fastest growth clip since 1987. 87.
>> That's a bit That's a bit. By the way,
speaking of 1987, I mean, um, now I was
going to say Michael uh on Michael
Jackson, of course, back in the 80s.
It's the last time Taiwan actually had a
growth clip of that. I mean, just
speaking of, of course, what was in the
cinemas on the weekend. We can talk
about the cinemas in a moment there. Uh,
also, in case you missed it, we were
thought it was coming soon, but it came
quite quickly. Y intervention, of
course, going into the weekend, and
hence why we're getting a lot of these
key crosses on the yen. 157. We took out
the 50-day moving average. We bounced up
the 100 day on offshore China yen. Um
but yes, looking at the numbers we were
able to parse, it does seem that they
were really actively in the market.
First time since 2024.
>> Yep. Despite the fact that the finance
minister mentioned, you know, she can't
comment on it uh as well. So certainly
um read between the lines, read the fine
print it seems. But yes, keep in mind
though the yen is trading, but when you
talk about Japan, China, Thailand, those
markets are closed whether it's Mayday,
Labor Day, or the Golden Week holiday
day. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, and just
going into the Hong Kong session today,
of course, when mainland markets are
shut, you don't have the stock connect,
which removes quite a big factor of
potency uh looking at uh markets today.
But all that is to say, uh equity
markets are on better footing than we
were last week, at least in some parts
of the market here. And a lot of this is
down maybe to news flow over the
weekend.
>> Yeah, let's get to the latest now.
President Trump says the US will begin
guiding some neutral ships trapped in
the Persian Gulf out through the
Straight of Hormuz starting Monday. For
more, let's bring in our Bloomberg
editor, Michael Heath. He joins us now.
Uh, and Michael, just walk us through
how this is all going to be enforced and
and how it's going to play out.
>> Yeah. Hi, Ivon. Yeah, it's um it's sort
of not not completely clear at this
stage um as is often the case, but uh
President Trump has basically said that
neutral ships, ships that have no
involvement in the conflict that have
been stuck in the Persian Gulf, uh that
the the um that you know the US would
begin guiding them out um out of that
area cuz some are running out of fuel
and and sorry, not fuel, food and these
sorts of things. And it's sort of just
to move them on. Um the uh US Central
Command said that uh it would it would
be providing sort of a coordination um
effort which is uh drones and air
support. Uh there's apparently going to
be guided missile destroyers there too.
But then the Wall Street Journal was
reporting that there will be no naval
escorts which is sort of the um the big
issue uh particularly because uh the
Wall Street Journal is also reporting
that Iran's believed to have um to put
naval believed to have put naval mines
in the area. So whether it actually
leads to anything is is really quite
unclear at the moment. Um there's also
been reports that Iran said that um or
an Iranian official was cited as saying
that um you know the US can't do this
and that the straight of Horses that
would affect the ceasefire and these
sorts of things. So it's very very
unclear. Oil initially dropped and then
sort of bounced back as as people were
trying to work out how exactly this
might work and and whether it can
actually happen. on.
>> Does this help push forward any progress
on the broader peace front? Michael?
>> Yeah, David. I mean, there's there's
been a bit of twoing and throwing there.
Iran had put forward a 14-point plan to
the US. Um, Axio was reporting that the
idea was that uh the Straight of Hormuz
would be open. The US would lift its
blockade. Uh, and then the the um and
Iran and and Lebanon would have a
guarantee that there'd be no more air
strikes. Uh there was no mention of the
nuclear deal because that was apparently
once this happens there's sort of a
30-day deadline for this to happen and
then after that there would be um you
know a month's discussions on the
nuclear issue. Uh if you put it sort of
into its logical trajectory what that
would mean would be Israel and the US
ruling out any more air strikes and then
having to have the nuclear negotiations
after that. So if um you know if we got
into this war if the US got into this
war in order to try and fix the nuclear
issue uh it sort of rules that out. So
um fairly as expected, President Trump
is sort of pushing back on that, but the
the US has responded. Iran said it's
looking at the US proposals. So again, a
bit of chewing and throwing there, but
there is talking going on.
>> Michael, thank you. Um Michael talking I
think is is is a good starting point
although it's really not clear where the
prog tangible progress is at this point
uh in time. Uh right. Uh now on a
separate but related issue to this
story, China has ordered its companies
not to comply with US sanctions on five
domestic refiners linked to the Iranian
oil uh trade. Now Beijing is deploying
this this rare blocking measure aimed at
protecting its firms from foreign laws
it deems unjustified. The commerce
ministry says that the US measures
unlawfully restrict normal trade with
third countries and also breach
international norms. And of course we're
looking at I think refiners as one
cohort in equity markets today.
>> Yeah. So certainly that's one thing to
watch and then there's this right. You
take a look at a chart like that and it
seems like when it comes to the regional
benchmark they're really kind of
shrugging away the latest headlines when
it comes to Iran because you continue to
see this market. Uh we're just less than
1% away from reaching another record
here for the MXAP. So certainly uh
Taiwan is helping out here this morning.
Korea as well. We'll see if we get
through to that sort of milestone.
>> Yeah. up two 3% uh in the early going
today. Where we're not getting the
support there is really from the usual
Chinese platform names and we'll really
see what u McCory makes of that story
and really how we play the China equity
strategy. Uh in fact just coming up
there on coming up in a couple of
minutes here McCory Capitals head of
China equity strategy Eugene Shia will
be joining us for the outlook in terms
of the outlook for stocks amid the
energy shock
>> and we're counting on the open of trade
right here in Hong Kong and the markets
are shocked here today. This is the
China show.
You're looking at live pictures now in
CRA welcome ceremony at the Parliament
House where Japan's Prime Minister Sai
Takichi is visiting there of course in a
pretty interesting meeting with uh the
Prime Prime Minister Albenezy there, but
the focus is going to really be on
defense, critical minerals, broader
economic security and with the two
countries concerned of course of the
ever changing geopolitics uh in the
region. So certainly coming at a time
too uh of this Iran war and also if
there's ways that they can actually
reduce the reliance on China as well
that remains a theme.
>> Yeah, the I mean the war is really a
reminder of that, right? A lot of the uh
the supply chain proofing that's going
on across these economies and trade
routes what what have you. In fact,
that's really one of the themes that uh
remains the case when you look at
Chinese equity strategy, right? Things
like uh self-sufficiency,
AI, reflation, things we will get into
uh in a moment with Eugene Shia out of
McCory uh to talk us through this the
equity strategy there. And you know the
AI story which we'll get to as well in a
moment does seem interesting because
it's really showed up uh in a very
different way uh in equity markets in
China than a lot of people were
expecting a few months ago. Uh in fact
when you look at how I think well for
one the Cosby has done exceptionally
well year to date. Uh so has the NK
Taiwan is is not in here. So Asia is
actually very close as we were pointing
out to a record within 1% but you know
we've lagged as far as MCI China is
concerned and it's really showed up in
the form of a worldbeating China index
rally where you have the CLS of the
world and the other sort of new AI faces
uh in the China AI story and as you can
see this is really where the China has
really u stood out as far as this
specific u move is concerned. Yeah,
Bloomberg Intelligence is Marvin Chennis
are writing about this as well this
morning and they're talking about the
China X really, you know, is the China
NASDAQ is now approaching that bubble
territory of it 2015 peak. But that does
not signal another margin field crash.
He says given the fact that valuations
are healthier, there's a strong earnings
outlook and there's a bigger
concentration of some of these hard tech
companies as well. Meanwhile, you got
Deep Seek's launch of its V4 model,
which reflects the success of China's
efforts to achieve self-reliance across
AI chips, infrastructure, and energy,
and lends further support, of course,
for the China X and Star Board. Joining
us now, of course, is Eugene Shiao, head
of China equity strategy at McCory
Capital. And Eugene, yeah, what do you
make of the sort of divergence that
we're seeing? It's not really the usual
suspects that are really in the tech
space that are leading the charge uh in
this equity rally in China right now.
How how sustainable is that?
>> Yeah, that's a great point. I think
right now one of the issues that a lot
of investors are dealing with when it
comes to investing in AI in China is
it's not really the same mix of
companies that you're getting in
developed markets. You know, I think
everyone knows a lot of or even ema
terms of Korea and Taiwan, but people
really wanted to play that upstream
infrastructure cycle in the chip side,
on the power side, and those are the
names that really stood out to me. China
does have some of those companies, but
they end up being a bit smaller. And
that's why some of these names of the
Starboard and the China X have really
outperformed. But if you think of the
broader platforms like the Babas, the
Tencent, the world's I would argue
they're not really pure play AI names,
right? There's so many other business
they're involved in messaging,
e-commerce, etc. that it's harder for
investors to treat these companies as a
real AI sort of play that they want to
have a a strong conviction buy on.
>> Yeah. So Eugene, I guess just to close
the loop on that one. Should at least
for now should markets give up the idea
that you know a benchmark like the
hensing tech index for example is the is
the is the way to play the AI story in
China currently.
>> Uh yeah that's a great point. I think
index instruction is one of the tricky
things about how people view China and
this is just the nature of how people
are looking to market. So the HStech is
predominantly is some of these internet
platforms the bigger ones as well as
names in the EV space etc. It's not
really a lot of these newer companies
like the mini masses like the Zippus of
the world quite yet. So when you're
looking at that as your proxy, it
doesn't really reflect some of the more
exciting choice in AI right now.
>> Right now since you mentioned those two
names, Miniaax Jupu, what do you make of
earnings so far and what do you make of
valuations in that specific corner uh of
the market?
>> I think for us right now our concern is
really, you know, the valuation at this
point could be kind of any number you
want it to be. just really depends on
how bullish you are in AI, but really it
comes down to liquidity, right? In the
sense that if people expect market
liquidity to continue to be strong over
the next 6 to9 months, then these
valuations arguably are justified. Um, I
think the earnings of course has to be a
longerterm story for these companies as
they grow from relatively small base and
really start to expand their users base
and really their monetization down the
road.
>> So, where do you think is still the best
play within China AI? I mean, it's it's
rotated a lot, right? Before it was the
AI design chips, you know, companies, it
was the assembly.
>> Now it's more about optical modules and,
you know, the power grids and the ESS of
the world. I mean, what's the best way
to position now?
>> Yeah, I I feel like when it comes to
China, especially the ashare AI names,
the rotation is exceptionally fast. E
essentially some of the names you just
mentioned there, Ivon. uh earlier last
year I think after the first deepseek
bubble um people were really looking
into the fabulous chips names like
cambercon and then they moved into
optical modules names like analyte and
they just keep on going into a lot of
these stories and rotating in and out
however our perspective is a little bit
more structural we're really looking for
things that have the self-sufficiency
angle and you mentioned things like
batteries and to a certain extent chips
and what we like a lot is actually chip
equipment because these are areas that
are structural bottlenecks for China
that you know the government support
will always be there. When it comes to
internet and online services, I think
just given the history, we've seen so
many times that the government has been
willing to step in and and really start
cracking down on some of these
industries that it's harder for us to be
completely kind of aware that these
companies will be kind of uh not being
touched by the government. But things
like semiconductors, I feel like will
always have this push that will allow
them to continue to grow.
Uh Eugene just on that you know
self-sufficiency theme that you
mentioned you know one of the updates
that you guys did and I'm going to read
it out just for our viewers here comment
as detailed as you as you can so you
guys removed BU Omnivision
Samsonite and replaced that with Baba
GDS and QSL as part of this refocus on
self-sufficiency theme just tell us why
>> yeah that really goes back to the
upstream side of the picture um where we
feel like one of the places that China
is really trying to develop is building
out the AI uh upstream side which is
really comes down to the data centers
the equipment and QSL is on the lithium
energy side and I think those are areas
again the policy support is likely to
remain very strong on the more
downstream side and we did include Baba
but I I would actually argue Baba people
look at more to a certain extent as an
infrastructure play uh these days rather
than as an e-commerce play uh but from
that perspective we do think that that's
probably where the focus is going to be
on um whereas the downstream plays like
let's say at BU is a little harder these
days because it's very difficult I think
at this moment for investors to really
pick and choose who the actual winner is
going to be on downstream AI. You know
the the leading models change it feels
like every week. Um so from that
perspective we think the upstream side
actually seems to be a much better place
to generate returns
>> beyond just the AI theme. I'm just
wondering what what are sort some sort
of other catalysts in in the on the
horizon there to really kind of wake up
this market you think?
>> Yeah. So, one thing, of course, that's
coming up is this meeting between uh she
and Trump that should be happening in a
couple weeks. Um, it's early as days. I
think that there's going to be a degree
of uh rhetoric that's going to start
coming up over the next couple weeks
around this. Um, it's similar to what
happened last year. Um, where I believe
that both sides will probably
>> seem a little bit more escalatory, I
think, in the next couple uh weeks as
they try to put together some leverage
going into the actual negotiation. But
my take here is that it will be a
relatively
uh kind of trade true scenario. More
like an extend and pretend because
there's really no um really desire from
both sides to escalate this situation
right now. I think there's too many
other things obviously the Iran
situation but even domestic politics for
the US like the midterm elections and
all the domestic issues that China is
dealing with that having to deal with
another trade agreement on the side of
that at this exact moment seems like
something that neither side really wants
to have to spend too much effort on.
which is why we think that it ends up
being a bit of a kind of a trade truce
kind of extending what we saw last year
and markets will probably see that
positively in the sense that there won't
be a major uh negative shock.
>> I mean plausibly they they could offer
each other some positives here and I
wonder it's probably something that you
will be asked this week as you you're
there in New York. Are there any
specific sector opportunities that this
this upcoming meeting between the two
presents?
At this moment, the way we think about
it in terms of probability is actually
it skews slightly positive for China in
the sense that um we understand where
the US position is at. I think US uh
Scott Besson has been very clear that
they're trying to get the section 301
tariffs back online, trying to use that
as another negotiating tool. I think
that's very clear. I think the US side
actually you kind of know what their
playbook is likely going to be. And on
the China side, it looks like they're
just willing to trade off buying some
more of the the US exports. be that uh
commercial aerospace, be that uh LG, be
that soy, all these type of things will
probably continue to be uh traded off
you could say between the two sides. But
on the kind of the slightly marginal
positive side, the one thing which I
think could be a potential uh surprise
is that perhaps US would be more
accommodating I would say for China to
have more investments in the US. I think
this is something that Trump has said in
the past where he wants the China to
invest in the US that create jobs to
create factories and he's okay with that
despite the fact that a lot of his party
members and even the Democrats don't
really uh aren't really keen about that
idea
>> right Eugene u we have uh we'll have
more with you of course in a couple of
minutes here thank you by the way in
advance for sticking around Eugene Xiao
there in New York of course for us head
of China equity strategy at Corey
Capital right uh going into the Hong
Kong open today again uh public service
reminder that mainland markets are shut
this Monday. The approach is one that is
rather sideways this Monday. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
All right. If you were in Hong Kong this
weekend, uh you might be in this
picture.
>> Um pictures of course in the past
weekend, different parts of Hong Kong.
Um a ton of visitors. Um of course, a
lot of it a lot of the visitors coming
through of course across the border
given that it is of course a long
weekend there as well. And yes, a lot of
the usual tourist spots from the harbor
to several places up the mountains along
the coast.
>> Saikong. There were taxis all around
there uh over the weekend even where
David David neighborhood right always an
attraction for the tourists.
>> I could I could barely see the I miss
seeing sidewalks at this point in time.
It's it just knees,
>> but it means a lot of knees. It's
certainly a welcome scene, right, for
Hong Kong, which, you know, we really
haven't seen scenes like this for for
some time. And you even Paul Tran, the
financial secretary, wrote about it
>> um over the weekend in his blog post
about just, you know, he talked about
the first two days.
>> They saw about 600,000 tourists uh in
Hong Kong. And really, that's really
contributing to to the growth numbers as
well. We do have first quarter GDP
coming out tomorrow. And he says, "Look,
they're expecting numbers that are what
at 5-year highs for for growth."
>> Yes. And you know, gone were the days.
It was quite quick how the narrative
actually changed in that, right? Because
when you had a long weekend, like two
years ago, everyone talked about how
people were just going north.
>> Yeah.
>> To China and then you just have this
disappearance of like wouldbe purchasers
of overpriced French food in in Hong
Kong. But then you now certainly have
still no buyers of overpriced French
food. But it's a lot more pictures uh
and coffee. But yes, I mean it's it's
it's gone both ways. And certainly the
the tourist traffic has really showed
you that change. Yeah. Um, so I mean
they're still I mean they're off till
Tuesday, right? China. So, you know, I
think we expect plenty more.
>> Yeah. In fact, you know what? Uh, we
were just look looking at this chart
earlier on, you and me, right? Uh, if
our producers can bring that up 10517.
So, the the pace of visit total arrivals
have actually picked up. So, that's the
blue line. 70 that's called 80% since
the start of 2023. But 97% growth is for
same day arrivals. In other words,
people are are are yes, they're coming,
>> but there's a larger and larger cohorts
of visitor arrivals that are not staying
as long, right? And it's just, you know,
your quick high frequency sort of
travelers and then there you're back
across the border.
>> And it's interesting because you look at
like, you know, indicators, right?
Whether it's that or you look at even
like casino operators and what we saw in
the game revenue in April.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes, they were you saw growth of 5%. Um
but you're still talking about numbers
that are still far short of what co
levels are what used to be what what it
used to be but certainly things are
improving. But yes, even when it came to
Macau, it wasn't as as good as expected
uh for last month as well. They said
really it was the VIP segment that's
where you're starting to see things slow
down and really offset some of the gains
that you're seeing in what mass market
premium you know that segment as well
but certainly yeah they're not spending
as much which is what you're seeing in
Hong Kong too in some ways among some of
the mainland tourists too. Yeah, it's
very different, right? Very different
spending patterns. Uh, so the data I
think came out on Friday as far as Macau
casinos goes. Early goingings, casinos
on your screens. Um, just very quickly,
well, in terms of data, some car numbers
also came through as well for the month.
And this is really up in the early going
uh seems to be where we are getting the
outperformers in this market. We have
lots more ahead including the open. This
is Bloomberg.
Good Monday morning. Welcome back.
You're watching the China show. Mland
markets are shut today. So no stock
connect. That's a big chunk of volume
and turnover that I think we can wait uh
before that market reopens of course to
have that story. But suffice to say,
there are other drivers of this market
today. Autos were a big mover in the
pre-markets, 1.4% to the upside and the
Hangen index. And in case you missed the
previous segments, uh the financial
secretary Paul Chan in the blog post on
Sunday said Hong Kong is set for the
fastest growth clip uh on a quarter
basis of course in in 5 years. Comes out
I believe tomorrow.
>> Yeah. And it just goes to show, right,
you know, even before this Iran
situation, I think markets and economies
were doing very well. And I think we're
we're showing the resilience here in
Asia. We certainly saw that with the
Taiwan GDP numbers last week when you're
talking about 13 14%. I think Korea
exports are showing similar sort of
trajectories here. So, uh, that sort of
AI investment boom continues to
overshadow the energy shock that we're
seeing, uh, in Asia Pacific. But here's
your open in Hong Kong. Of course, this
is the loan market that's opening up in
greater China here today. And we're
coming back from that Mayday holiday
there. There you go. Labor Day I should
say. We're up about close to 2% for HS
Tech uh as well as the hang. So at least
today H's tech is following through uh
with the rest of the tech sort of
sectors here uh in the region today and
it's really been uh really brought up by
the likes of what all of them right
Alibaba Mtoan's up some 2% Xiaomi is
also up in similar measure as well.
Offshore M&M B is holding around that
682 level here, but you are seeing uh
eight shares uh you know doing pretty
well here today. So there you go. Uh
things are still looking pretty good as
you take a look at how things are
looking at even when it comes to not
just the tech side of things but even
Morgan Stanley coming out with
interesting note. So they are more
bullish when it comes to Hong Kong
property now. So they're upgrading the
likes of Henderson Land. So the Hong
Kong property gauge there you go we're
up some 2%. So they're saying a recovery
in the property market really broadening
and not just the residential sector now.
>> Yes. Uh so re link rate was also
included in that upgrade coming through
from them. Let me just quote the analyst
here. Uh we have turned more bullish
driven by strong sell through rising
prices at subsequent launches phases and
of course declining inventory levels. Uh
just also to say we're looking at
highore which by the way I think on
Thursday actually saw quite a a
meaningful pop to the upside but I think
fundamentally it seems that we are in a
in a good place right now. Very quickly
casinos we had some data coming through
of course late last week we talked about
this too. Uh there was a bit of a miss
you had high rollers of course still
staying away at least in large part. MGM
is down about 3%. Uh Goldman is out with
this upgrade on Miniax. It's coming up
on your screens uh very shortly. Of
course, this new AI plays are coming
through.
>> So Miniax, there we go. Uh W. Okay. Wow.
Yeah. So that's more stronger revenue
prospects uh driven by an expected new
model launch, right? So they're
certainly looking at that. Uh you know,
they said basically by the pullback. I
think it's been down more than 40% uh
the Hong Kong listed shares from their
March high. So they say favorable
riskreward moving forward here just
given this whole AI full module
footprint that they have.
>> Okay. Uh
>> the pure plays
>> as a pure play right. Um 11% I mean
unrelenting so far on this. Okay. Uh the
other story is on autos. Uh so I think
BYD reported last week right and I think
a lot of different angles to that story.
Was it cautious? Was it actually the the
bottom? Um HSBC joined us when BYD
reported and they actually thought that
the the first quarter was the turning
point for the car sector. Uh we are
seeing mostly gains across those
screens. Of course, Julie has been the
outperformer in that sector. So we're
seeing quite the opposite play out as we
speak. Uh for some final thoughts, maybe
we could start with autos and then we
get into other things. Eugene Shia is
still with us uh out of New York, head
of China equity strategy at McCory
Capital. Eugene, thank you for uh being
patient and sticking around. Why don't
we just your thoughts on autos? We're
done pretty much with earnings there. I
think we have a few left over, but just
your thoughts on has the sector turned
the corner here.
>> Yeah, I think that the first few months
Q1 especially February was very poor
numbers especially for domestic domestic
EV demand. Uh the April numbers were
just out last Friday and we've seen I
wouldn't say a sequential major
sequential improvement but at least a
flattening and I think that's probably
the first step that people are looking
for. Um but I think the more interesting
story specifically for BYD and Gile um
is essentially the export numbers and
those remain very very strong. Uh so I
think for the full year year to date BYD
is up close to 60%. Uh J is close to I
think close to like 150% um
year-over-year. So this is why I think
that story and those stocks have started
to perform a bit um over the last couple
months. For the domestic market, it's
still bit of a bifurcation between the
mass market EV players and the premium
players. So we're seeing again people
like Lee Auto we're seeing on the screen
right now have performed a bit better
because their April sales numbers were
were quite solid.
>> I think that we're still talking about
some cash discounts when it comes to BYD
um in terms of just pricing strategies
moving forward. Do have you seen signs
of at least the price war letting up
now?
Yeah, overall we think that the like
forl like price declines are going to
taper off and we've seen that in the
data actually. The discount levels in
China have more or less flattened over
the last 6 to9 months. Uh that said, I
think the strategy has really shifted to
what's called value for money.
Essentially, it's like a bigger car or
slightly higher spec car but at the same
price as a similar model that might have
been a little bit cheaper before. So,
you could argue that's also a degree of
discounting, but it's just not as
obvious, I would say. Um, but that said,
the other thing that's interesting is
we're actually starting to see a degree
of price hikes in the Chinese auto
market as well. Like the new Xiaomi
refresh of their their popular sedan,
the SU7 was at a slightly higher price.
And also very recently, uh, BYD actually
raised their price of their their
advanced ADAS system for some of their
cars, which is quite interesting. So
overall, you know, we actually think the
pricing trends will be quite stable uh,
for China, but the competition of course
remains exceptionally fierce.
as a beta play though and I you know
since you mentioned competition I think
we need to worry about you know them
against each other uh but I can't help
but think about the Japanese car makers
in the say in the late '7s early 80s and
you mentioned exports right is this a
no-brainer long-term beta play Chinese
autos Eugene
>> I would say it's the only play for China
autos is really thinking about exports
um I think right now the Chinese auto
market in terms of total growth there's
not much to play for I mean it's already
the biggest auto market in the world
over close to 24 25 million units per
year but long term I think that growth
rate is low single digits at best right
so for any of these companies to really
sustainably grow going forward it has to
be overseas and I think that over the
last couple years some of these
companies like BYD like J have been
making a big effort in terms of building
out their footprint in a lot of the key
geographies both in terms of their
dealer networks as well as we're going
to see this year a lot in the
localization side.
>> Um, what does it tell you about consumer
sentiment at the moment too, Eugene?
There's signs, I guess, some green
shoots right now and there there's a lot
of narratives out there that, you know,
there could be some reflation. You have
obviously inflation is is somewhat I
guess flat or in somewhat little bit of
positive territory. Um, you know, how
much can we really glean on that here
that maybe things are really on the up
now?
>> It's a tough one. I would say that, you
know, for example, the Q1 GDP numbers
for China were out, you know, a couple
weeks ago and it was 5% which is
probably ahead of most people's
expectations, but when you break that
down, a lot of that remains still in
that manufacturing export camp, right?
The domestic side of the picture, real
estate derivatives, things like that
have remained weak. I I think sentiment
overall,
I would say it hasn't necessarily
improved, but it hasn't really gotten
worse. So, you could you can call that a
good thing, I guess. But I would say
that overall we have not really seen a
major pickup in consumer sentiment. That
makes me feel like there is a a strong
reflationary cycle coming through on the
consumer side.
>> Uh what about uh defensive strategies
within the equity market? Things like
yield income um does that have room to
run or you know almost a semi-permanent
place in in strategies this year?
>> Yeah, that's right. I I think at the
beginning of the year, you know, I don't
think people were necessarily focused on
some of their more defensive names, like
let's say banks. But what we've seen,
especially since the um the Iran
conflict, is that some of the more
defensive plays in China, like banks
have actually performed exceptionally
well. And I think this is partly because
that playbook that really worked in 2021
through 2024, let's say, has come back
into the picture. you know, in times
where there's a lot of uncertainty, when
we don't really know where global growth
could be heading in, especially in the
second half of this year, it it sort of
is uh, you know, a safer thing to be
looking at some of those yield names,
some of the more stable SOE names, uh,
to give you a bit of a hedge uh, in this
type of environment.
>> Eugene, thanks so much. Eugene Shia,
there head of China equity strategist
and McCory Capital. Yeah, we'll leave it
to go to bed now, but it's getting late
there in New York. U, thanks so much for
your time here this morning. Um, we're
watching something that's very carefully
here in Hong Kong and a high-profile
insider dealing trial begins in the city
today against Saganti Capital Management
and its founder Simon Sadler and former
trader Daniel Laroka. Now, they've all
pleaded not guilty. Let's bring in Mimo,
our China correspondent. She joins us
now from outside the Wanchai District
Court here in Hong Kong. So, give us the
latest on what's happening now.
>> Yes. Uh we just saw Daniel Loroka and
his legal team just entered the
courthouse about half an hour ago. Uh
the rest of the people are already in
the courthouse. It's just beginning. Now
this trial is set to uh happen over the
course of a month and it is regarding an
alleged insider trading case related to
a block trade back in 2017. And so at
that time an American hedge fund firm
Lone Pine Capital was looking to offload
a 10% stake in Espri, a fashion retailer
listed in Hong Kong. Obviously 10% is a
huge thing, right? 195 million shares
that would obviously move market and
cause the stock price to fall. And
Sagenti got wind of this impending deal.
Ahead of that deal, they then decided to
sell their own stake of ESP. They sold
1.5 million shares and they also short
sold about 130,000 shares, meaning they
borrowed those shares to sell in order
to lock in profits when they buy them
back at a later date. And so we saw
unusual price movements in Esquee's
shares uh in the days ahead of the block
trade. And this entire case really rests
on what sort of privileged information
Sagandi had gotten hold of and whether
they acted on non-public material
non-public information to sell those
chairs and lock in those profits.
>> Yeah. So Minman I mean suffice to say
a lot of folks in the industry are glued
to developments.
>> Sorry I lost you. Can you repeat?
Oh, I was about to I was just saying
that a lot of folks in the industry and
I'll speak up are are glued to
developments here.
>> Um any early implications that we should
note in as far as
>> women.
>> Okay. Yeah, that's what happens when
you're in Wanchai every now and then.
>> Okay. Um we'll we'll try and fix the
gremlins for you and Okay. Yeah, we'll
we'll we'll we'll sort some things and
hopefully we better get a better
connection to Wanchchai uh in a moment.
Right. Uh coming up here uh on show as
well, we'll try and sort that. Taiwan's
opposition leader tells us about her
planned US trip uh and a request to meet
President Trump. We hear exclusively
from the KMT chairperson coming up next.
This is
All right, Star Wars Day. Uh, May the
fourth be with you. Uh, it certainly is.
Uh, with the Hangen Tech Index, really
good start to the month. We're up 3%.
Uh, almost every single stock with the
exception of one or two are actually
down. Uh, Xiaomi's leading the charge. I
think we're up about 6 7%. Best day.
There we go. Best day in about a year or
so. But as I speak, uh, the force seems
to be dwindling on this one. We're now
we're coming off highs very, very
quickly. Still up 3%. 5,000 is the level
to track there.
>> At least um we're starting the the month
off on a positive note for HStech for
for the month of May for all you
millennials out there. Yeah. All right,
let's talk switch gears and talk about
Taiwan. Taiwanese president Lijinga has
visited the southern African kingdom of
Esatini after an earlier trip was
derailed when several African countries
closed their airspace to his aircraft.
Now lie posted on X say that Taiwan
would not be deterred by external
pressure and would continue to engage
with the world. China criticized the
visit accusing lie of sneaking onto a
foreign aircraft to leave the island.
>> Yeah. And the head of Taiwan's main
opposition party has actually asked
meanwhile effectively here has asked to
meet with President Trump on a planned
trip to the US. Speaking exclusively to
Bloomberg, uh KMT chairperson Chang Lee
Wen actually told us that she has high
expectations for a visit and that
Beijing is aware of her plans.
My visit to the United States has never
been a secret and I've been discussing
it for a very long time. I personally
have high expectation for our visit to
the US. So Beijing is certainly aware of
this. I believe the message is that so
far the responses we have received from
Xiinping have been positive and
friendly.
What is your first blush impression of
Donald Trump?
The whole world is watching his every
word and action closely. He is indeed
completely unconventional and
unpredictable. However, I hope that
within President Trump's limited term, I
believe he also hopes to create a legacy
that will be forever remembered in
history. If this includes achieving
peace in the region, peace across the
Taiwan Strait, and world peace, I
believe it will be extremely important
for President Trump's historical
standing.
>> You say you would like to meet Donald
Trump. Are there certain asurances that
you would like to get from him as far as
the defense of Taiwan or anything
anything particular asurances you would
want to get from Donald Trump?
I believe the most important message is
still peace and I hope that as everyone
knows Taiwan is an economy with very
close trade ties to the world.
Therefore, world peace, free markets and
trade are of paramount importance to
Taiwan.
Obviously,
President Ling Du believes more spending
for military, a T-dome for Taiwan, um,
defense spending equals sustainable
peace according to the ruling party
right now. You believe Taiwan should
spend less. Can you give us the number
you're thinking the Golden Dong, the KMT
would be okay with and would approve?
Taiwan.
>> In fact, the key point isn't the
numbers, but rather that Taiwan needs a
genuine defense force capable of
self-defense. That's why we have
continued arms purchases from the US
since World War II. There is no doubt
that KMT has a strong support on that.
But the problem with these numbers today
is that they lack substance. We can't
authorize something without a clear
plan. We can't give the DPP a blank
check. Our difficulty lies in the fact
that the specific figures, details, and
projects involved are unknown. This is
why we can only offer 380 billion
Taiwanese dollars are present. But this
is not just 380 billion. We fully
support the arms purchase from the US.
>> I have to ask you about another uh very
sensitive issue and that is of course
the differences and the diplomatic um
row between Beijing and Tokyo. Yeah,
>> because of Takiichi son's comments about
Taiwan, about any invasion of Taiwan
would be a survival threatening
situation for Japan. You know the
situation it it is now, but you were in
Nanjing. You made some comments recently
about Japan's colonial past.
>> Yes. Can you can you clarify how
damaging it might have been or if you
feel it was damaging those comments from
Takiichan about Taiwan that that has
made the situation more perilous for
Taiwan or what are your views of your
comments?
>> She's backing Taiwan. She's backing
>> Yes, I know. I know. I know.
I believe Prime Minister Sani
Takahichi's remarks were quite
provocative to Beijing. Of course, those
of us in Taiwan hope for regional peace
and stability.
Therefore, I've always advocated a
different approach to discussions, not
focusing on whether Taiwan or Japan is
in trouble, but rather striving to
ensure that Taiwan is safe, Japan is
safe, and everyone is safe.
And that was Taiwan's Guin Dong party
chairperson Jung Leewin speaking to
Steven Engel in Taipei. In some other
world news this morning, President Trump
says he is raising tariffs on cars and
trucks from the European Union to 25%
claiming that the block has failed to
fully comply with the trade agreement.
Trump also says the levies will not
apply to automobiles built in US
facilities, arguing it will force
European automakers to move production
to the US faster. The EU rejected
Trump's claim that it's not complying
with the trade deal. The Philippines is
accusing China of conducting illegal
marine research in its waters. The
Philippine Coast Guard calls the move a
clear violation of international law,
threatening to deploy aircraft and
vessels to drive away the Chinese ships.
The foreign ministry in Beijing says his
vessels are conducting normal scientific
research, urging Manila to stop what it
calls dangerous actions. All right, take
a look at how Hong Kong markets are
fairing the first month of May here.
Well, first trading week of May, I
should say. Uh, and things are looking
pretty good right now. Take a look when
it comes to the hang. We're up 450
points here right now. HS Tech there is
up some 3% here. So, really joining in
on this tech rally that we're seeing
across the region. eight shares also
above the 8800 level. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
And some corporate news this morning,
Bergkshire Hathaway's cash pile soared
to its highest ever as operating
earnings jumped in Greg Ael's first
quarter as CEO after a slight decrease
late last year. The cash now jumped to
$397 billion. AEL also resumed buybacks,
handing shareholders a payout for the
first time in more than a year.
Berkshire shares have slipped since
Warren Buffett announced last year that
he was retiring. Australia's largest
business lender, NAB, has missed first
half profit estimates due to higher
software costs and a worsening economy.
Cash earnings also fell short, though
the bank will pay an interim dividend of
85 Australian cents per share. The CEO,
Andrew Irvine, says the firm is in good
shape as it enters a more volatile
environment after strengthening its
balance sheet. GameStop is making an
unsolicited offer to buy eBay for about
56 billion at $125 a share in cash and
stock. GameStock CEO Ryan Cohen would
serve as CEO as a combined company.
Cohen earlier told the Wall Street
Journal that he's prepared to run a
proxy fight and take his offer directly
to shareholders. BYD's overseas sales
jumped 71% last month from a year
earlier, spurred by a surge in gasoline
prices, but total deliveries did fall
16% as softening demand at home in China
drag sales down for the eighth month in
a row. The company is counting on new
models and fast charging batteries to
drive sales for the rest of the year.
>> Okay. Uh, a check on markets at
GameStop. That's a bit of a flashback,
isn't it? Yeah.
>> And eBay.
>> And eBay. Yes. You know what also caught
my eye on the weekend? You know what's
back? Friendster is back. Did you see
anyone? Is it?
>> Yeah. Friendster is back. So, apparently
no algorithms.
>> Um, and again, this is anecdotal based
on what I've seen on social media.
Right.
>> You know what's also making
>> what? Go.
>> Ma Jang to the mainstream now.
>> Yes, I saw that.
>> Yeah. Anyways,
>> how do you think about that?
>> We could go all day. I won't talk about
it now. how I really feel about that.
>> Just my time because I think we we have
some time uh remaining here. Okay. Well,
I think we have about a minute left.
There we go. U so tech is really a big
feature surprisingly a big feature in in
the rally today and as you can see it's
Xiaomi's leading this and Hangen tech is
up 3%. So we're actually now very close
to the record on MXAP MSA all
Asia-Pacific index. Uh because you have
Korea, you have Taiwan and then now you
have the big platform companies. Uh
Morgan Stanley's out with a positive and
encouraging and constructive bullish
note. That's me buying more time there
with more superlatives on on Hong Kong
property. Uh so it's upgrading I believe
Henderson Land and Link Reed swings uh
as well uh in in here one and a half% to
the upside. And apart from that, we're
looking at the Hen index. We talked
about this. Taiwan uh and Korea are also
doing very very well. first. I wonder if
it this has anything to do with it's
just the first
>> calendar trading day of the monthly
calendar and you know as we uh I don't
know build your books into what should
be a sell in May and go away but see
doesn't seem to be the case
>> bit more balancing there but yes HSX
certainly playing catchup too and soul
this morning you're watching the China
Yes.
Welcome back to the China Show and
welcome back to work if you're coming
back from that long holiday. Well,
three-day holiday, but certainly that
long weekend. It was a bit of a rainy
one. here. Take a look at how we're
starting off this trading month uh with
the May the force be with you. Seems
like the force is behind equities here
this morning, Dave.
>> Yeah, Star Wars day. Um the weather was
>> strange on the weekend, wasn't it?
>> It was. It was.
>> It was immaculate on Friday.
>> It actually cooled and then it got humid
and then it rained really hard basically
all in one.
>> Yes. Yeah. Kind of like my mood
sometimes.
>> I can attest to that. Just kidding.
>> Yeah. changes as quickly as the weather.
Um, and I I can't have a lot of coffee
this month, so brace yourselves. Um,
what do you mean?
>> Just kidding.
>> Yeah. Okay, let's look at what are we
doing now? Hangen Tech Index. Um, as as
bright as the sunlight can be. There we
go. 3%
to the upside on Hen Tech. Uh, actually,
this is a fantastic day to be in equity
markets. Look at that. Uh, but it's also
worth pointing out, right, that we were
shut on Friday. So this is split the
difference between two trading days and
you probably get a normally modest but
noticeable upside on on price. Asia is
now 1.7. So we you know what our
producers are about to do a fact check
on this. How close are we really exactly
to the all-time highs? We're very very
close last we checked going into the
session today. This gets us a lot of
that way. uh visually uh you see of
course we are I would point4% about
maybe away from that peak uh pre-war
peak which is which was the alltime
high.
>> Yeah. So we're we're getting pretty
close to that here today especially the
fact that now tech is finally catching
up to what you're seeing in Taipei what
you're seeing in Seoul. So at least that
whole trade still comes back in a big
way uh to start May. Take a look when it
comes to US and Euro futures and how
things might play out on this Monday for
them. And looks like things are still
pretty positive there. NASDAQ futures
are up about a third of 1%. Euro stock
futures are also higher here this
morning as well. In terms of oil
markets, gas markets is what we're
seeing when it comes to what we're, you
know, the headline driven sort of moves
that we've seen, right? So that there
was the announcement from President
Trump that the US is going to help ships
through the straight of moves. Uh
so we quickly saw the oil prices drop at
the early get-go. We've eased off that
just a little bit. seems like traders
are still quite uncertain how this is
all going to look like. We're not even
sure according to some reports on the
role that the US Navy is going to have
in some of these escorts as well. So
that leaves actually more lingering
questions on what you know how effective
it really will be in really kind of
taming all this and then of course uh
what does this mean for peace talks
moving forward as well Dave? Yes. And
what does it mean if to be a a neutral
ship, right? I think it's a it's a key
question there. But yes, it is something
that we're tracking very closely. In
fact, just have a look in fact at uh the
US president's post specifically on that
because it was enough at least to move
the oil markets ever so slightly to the
downside. Uh we're at 108 right now as
we were pointing out. Here we go. Uh for
the good of Iran, the Middle East, and
the United States, we have told these
countries that we'll guide their ships
safely out of these restricted waterways
so that they can freely and aly get on
with their business. Right. A lot of
these vessels have been stuck for many
many many weeks of course in the Gulf
and uh really more on the humanitarian
aspect to this as well.
>> Yeah. So there's that and then there's
this whole peace proposal that Iran
>> has uh added and included which was a
one-mon sort of deadline on talks uh for
a deal to reopen the straight of Hormuz
and end the fighting in Iran and
Lebanon. Trump did cast a bit of doubt
on that as well. So certainly there's
still a lot of questions moving forward
here on where where we are in this
discussion. But yes, what's it enough to
broker an end of this deal and this war
uh is certainly going to be still
something that we're going to be asking
plenty of our guests here.
>> Absolutely. Uh a lot of question marks
remain uh and as far as that is
concerned. Uh but equity markets seem to
be moving on quite quickly if not
already in some cases. David Savage is
with us here on set our M live
strategist to talk us through all things
equities and we'll talk about the
intervention uh in a moment. But yes,
are you surprised by the the the rally
that we're seeing today?
>> I mean at this point I don't know that
we can be surprised. I think you just
have to be a part of it again is is
catching up to what we saw on the US
session on Friday. So um South Korea and
Taiwan in particular. Um but but I think
again it just continues on this theme of
the divergence between particularly in
Asia the tech halves and and everyone
else right so the the the gains we're
seeing in in the benchmark index the
Asia Pacific index it's really being
driven by by tech and AI adjacent names
right so in in the industrial sector for
instance uh so again I I I think that's
just been the trend we've seen post
ceasefire and and it just looks to be
the trend moving forward too
>> yeah Um let's talk about the yen. I mean
just when we were all out the door to go
to a long weekend,
>> there's this kind of uh rumblings that
you know they did intervene. How should
we interpret this move?
>> We had a bit of everything last week,
right? Like um you know mega cap tech
earnings. We had earnings here in Asia.
We had you know noises from the Fed in
terms of the easing bias discussion
there. And then of course just add in
yen intervention. So any of those could
have been huge stories and we had them
all last week. So the yen intervention
it's it's interesting. I think uh it did
push down dollar yen to around 15550.
We're back up to around 157 today.
>> We have seen historically that we
typically get additional actions later
and and it certainly will be interesting
to see if if Japanese authorities want
to take advantage of of the thin
liquidity we have. Japan's closed today
and tomorrow. London's closed today as
well. Uh so certainly uh something to
watch but ultimately um this is about
disrupting that negative feedback loop
we've seen between higher oil, higher
inflation pressures, higher JGB yields
and then weaker yen. And so it's about
disrupting that but ultimately the it
really can't undermine entirely the the
fundamentals that are driving that that
feedback loop.
>> Right. Disrupting is to your point right
very different from breaking the cycle
altogether. Is this I mean it it
certainly worked. How long will it work
for I think is the is the question. I
think the other side of that coin,
right, is you know, where are we seeing
the US data trend, right? So, we get uh
unemployment data, jobs data later this
week. Uh, you know, to this stage, what
we're seeing is is is US data more
resilient than we've perhaps thought.
And if that's the case, if we start to
see, you know, we've already seen to
this point those rate cuts get priced
out, do we start to see rate hikes get
priced in, that'll really start to put
pressure, upward pressure on on dollar
yen. Uh and so again in that sense they
can continue to intervene. They continue
to you know jawbone here and there but
uh it'll be really difficult to lean
against those fundamentals.
>> David, thank you. David Savage there our
blueber life strategist joining us here
in our studios. And still ahead we're
speaking all things bonds and and credit
hero and it's a nip of UBP. She's going
to talk to us about Asia fixed income US
rates and where investors really finding
yield at the moment. Plus, as Taiwan's
president defies pressure from Beijing
with a surprise visit to Africa, we get
analysis from the Hudson Institute's
Jason Shu. Much more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, your week ahead is looking
like this here. Right now, it's shaping
up to be a pretty decent week when it
comes to data and meetings here. We're
going to kick off things with uh the
Australia RBA decision that happens on
Tuesday as well. You got some inflation
numbers coming through from Southeast
Asia like Indonesia, Philippines, South
Korea as well. Uh when of course we talk
about Hong Kong first quarter GDP comes
out tomorrow as well. That's a key one
to watch after what Paul Chan mentioned
over the weekend about you know
expecting 5-year highs for growth here
in the city just given the tourist
arrivals and the numbers that we've been
seeing even during this Labor Day
holiday to wrap up the week. The big one
perhaps is of course that job support
out of the US Dave.
>> Yes. And I think to the point that David
Savage out of our Mive team was making a
few minutes ago, right? that will
determine to a large extent how uh
effective the suspected intervention of
the Japanese will have uh and as far as
dollar yen is concerned and of course
this world of rising yields globally
including of course in Japan. Uh joining
us now to talk us through all things
fixed income duration currency exposure
and it's an head of Asia fixed income
research at UBP. Very nice to see you
and good morning.
>> Good morning. Very nice to see you after
the long weekend.
>> Yes. How was your weekend?
>> It was good.
>> It was good. Great weather, right?
>> Yeah.
>> In a world where we don't get any more
rate cuts coming out of the Fed, which
seems to be a very strong case to make
right now.
>> Uh what is the appropriate fixed income
exposure in in that scenario?
>> Well, we still reckon fixed income is,
you know, good for Kerry in particular.
Um even if you're talking about maybe no
rate hike and no rate cut, but you know,
not signaling any rate hike at the
moment. So what we are thinking would be
um it's still a very important element
in the fixed income portfolio in
particular we look at you know some of
the quality credit I think you know
whether it's going to be any rate cut
depending really on you know how is it
going with the war and also the
inflation if the inflation being
contained I think there's still
potentially um some chances of being
rate cut but at the moment for the Asia
um and also global fixed income what we
like would be on the high yield because
they would be able to provide the carry
we still see a lot of demand and you can
see that the issuance basically has been
well supported. Um you know price
guidance actually tightened quite a bit.
So it's showing you that investors are
still putting money to work on fixed
income.
>> What does that mean for spreads? Uh do
you think that's actually good for
spreads or
>> Well, it's interesting right? I mean
like you know credit spread um after the
war actually widened out but now
actually it's you know back to almost
unchanged. Um it's also demonstrated
that you know um there's a lot of demand
for fixed income. Um we reckon credit
spreads could be resilient given the
fact that um supply seems to be quite
orderly and demand seems to be strong.
Um in particular when you look at Asian
high yield um the supply has been quite
limited. So that's why we reckon that
credit should be resilient at this point
of time. So there therefore when you
look at IG it's pretty tight and the
most of return is actually from the US
treasuries which we reckon um you know
maybe not something you know too
interesting for IG. would prefer some of
the US mortgage back securities because
as a diversifier you know into the
market
>> I think this week apart from US jobs
there's a refunding announcement out of
the treasury is that consequential in
your view what does
>> yeah I think you know it's also
important you know for people to look at
you know what's the supply looks like
and in particular it would um basically
impact you know more on the maybe you
know the less than five year paper yield
>> builds notes and correct exactly that
sort of thing the what's interesting too
is to the point that you made on supply,
right? U a lot of Asian issuers seem to
hit the markets
>> uh not just for whatever reason they
seem to hit the markets a lot more in
April in terms of issuance.
>> Yeah.
>> What are you hearing as far as supply
for May is May May is concerned. Was
that frontloaded just by a month or do
we get more coming in the next few
weeks? I
>> I think interestingly like for April
because market stabilizes, right? So
that's why you see a lot of efficiencies
which they really need that for
refinancing for May. Um we reckon you
know it still be you know good supply in
the market um you know both on the
corporates as well as bank side um you
know all over Asia high yield may be
still a bit limited
>> um but at the same time um we reckon you
know the supply could you know still be
there and one interesting point in the
market will be a lot of them actually
also tap the local market
>> so that also explain the reason why the
supply you know could be limited or
orderly and some corporate actually also
tender their bond if they don't you know
necessarily have to pay a higher coupon.
So that's you know the thing governing
you know what's going on in the market.
>> What's going on in Hong Kong? I mean
there's been these pretty big corporate
issuance um some you know quasi
sovereign nos you mentioned there as
well. I mean I think it was a record in
terms of global and local entities
raising uh 74 billion Hong Kong dollars
through the public dollar bond uh
issuance market. And for years they've
been struggling to find issuers and
>> and tepid demand. what what's driving
this change you think
>> I think it's you know very exciting at
this point because you got more issue in
the market but I just don't think that's
you know determined the the trend
basically when you talk about the quasi
sovereign credit um what they need will
be because they need the capital you
know the refinancing and also the
capital expenditure they have project on
hand that that that's why they issue in
Hong Kong dollar and I think you know it
would be good for people to invest in
Hong Kong dollar because some of the
banks really need the five years issue
and some the insurance company as a
manager really need the long end. So I
think could be some other quasi
sovereign credit would come to the
market but I don't particularly think
that you know it would have a lot of
supply because the market is more
dominated by private placement or
certificate of deposit you know in the
Hong Kong dollar space.
>> How much of that the explosion in
issuance could could be tied to uh this
pickup in the economy and the outlook
>> as a safe haven. Yeah, definitely
definitely um because if you know the
market the economy picked up definitely
there will be more project more capital
expenditure and some you know company
would come to the market but I think
Hong Kong dollar market would more focus
on really well-known issuer
>> I mean smaller name you know it could be
difficult some maybe some foreign names
but depending on the Hong Kong dollar
swap market as well if it's favorable
then some foreign names good names will
come to the market as well
>> um what what else have we I mean the JGB
market has been interesting. Um we
talked about yen intervention last week
or at least what we what we gathered to
be some sort of yen intervention.
>> How should I be looking at the BOJ and
moving forward here and and what to do
with JGBs?
>> Well, basically we see if the CPI number
is going to be you know strong then BOJ
may hike in July. Um April or June is
would sorry June wouldn't be our base
case. Um we we see that you know the 10
years um GGB could reach around like 2.6
six within this year at the moment it's
around like 2.5 it's you know not far
from there but I think you know a lot of
things have factor into the long end or
you know on the GDP curve itself
>> inflation linked strategies just to go
back to the macro before we let you go
like how worried do we need to be over
inflation I mean oil is still at 108
it's been at these levels for many many
weeks now it
>> doesn't seem to be the market is worried
is that the right conclusion to make
>> well I reckon the market basically is
still think that the inflation is going
to be you know the jump could be
temporary Okay.
>> So, not particularly seeing clients, you
know, looking into a lot of inflation
length products at the moment, but if
that persists, you know, the trend may
change.
>> Okay.
>> Vanit thanks for kicking off the week
with us. And it's a nip there, head of
fixed income research for Asia at UBP.
We're going to take a quick break.
>> Hopefully stay on.
>> This is show please.
Welcome back. This extremely
high-profile insider dealing trial
begins in Hong Kong today. uh that's
against Siganti Capital Management and
its founder Simon Sadler and a former
trader Danielle Laroka. Now they've all
pleaded not guilty. Archaic
correspondent Min Lo stand is standing
by for us outside the court in fact at
the Wanchai district uh here in uh here
in the city. Uh Minmmin so talk to us uh
what is what is the latest there?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So the court case just began
about maybe half one hour ago and at the
start of the case the defendants unders
said that they understood the charges
and they repeated their plea of not
guilty in this uh accusation of insider
trading and the case really is about
whether or not the defendants which is
saganti capital the founder Simon
Sandler and a former trader Daniel
Laroka whether they had acted upon
non-public material market moving
information to sell some shares of Espri
be a fashion retailer ahead of an
impending blog trade. So, uh the trial
is ongoing is expected to take place
over the course of a month and we are
not expecting any major headlines today
>> and obviously this is as we talked about
a case that we've been watching for for
some time now. What are sort of the
implications and how are really banks
and brokerages in Hong Kong? How should
they be looking at this case now?
Well, obviously brokers and traders will
be watching this very closely just for a
sense of how strictly the rules are
being enforced, how heavy the penalty
would be because insider training
charges in Hong Kong carries a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison. But
because this is being held at the
district court, the district court can
only hand out a maximum sentence of
seven years instead of 10 years. You
have to go to the high court for for a
10-year sentence. Uh and there is also a
maximum fine of 10 million Hong Kong
dollars which is about$ 1.3 million US
dollars. Not a big deal in the world of
block trading. But uh of course traders
will be watching very closely because it
concerns the sort of burden of
compliance that they have right in this
very fine line when it comes to offering
market sounding information. This is the
sort of information that sellers or
bankers would offer to potential uh
brokers and buyers just to gauge the
interest for a deal. and they have to
make sure that whatever information
offered is vague enough not to reveal
the specifics so that uh the potential
buyers cannot act on confidential uh
information. So it's a very fine line
here and soon after these allegations
against Sigenti came up the Hong Kong
SFC also tightened the regulations
further when it comes to market sounding
information. There are now rules about
how the information should be shared.
They have to follow a standardized
script and you know use authorized
recorded channels. the brokers have to
keep those records for two years. And at
the time, there had already been a lot
of push back from market participants
who say that it would put undue burden
on them and that it could potentially
push away market sounding activities
from Hong Kong in a city that is of
course trying to defend its status as
this global financial hub here.
>> All right, Mman, thank you. Our China
correspondent Menllo there uh in Wan
Chai for us with an update really on
what's been going on that trial that
began today. Uh, another sort of big
meeting that we're tracking, of course,
today is Japanese Prime Minister Sai
Takahichi. Now, she has arrived in
Australia for a 3-day visit with
defense, energy, security, and critical
minerals supply on the agenda. Let's
bring in Bloomberg's Paul Allen. He
joins us now with more. And Paul, just
tell us more about the significance and
the timing of this visit.
>> Yeah, the timing very significant
against this uncertain geopolitical
backdrop. Of course, uh um Japan for its
part would like more to do with re rare
earth's LNG supply as well. That's
certainly something Australia can help
with. And there's already been the Linus
agreement which is going to see the
first shipments of rare earths to Japan
from Australia as well. And for
Australia's part, uh it needs refined
fuel from Japan also. But it's not just
the timing of this, it's the frequency
of these meetings as well. Say Tekkichi,
of course, has only been prime minister
for a little over 6 months in Japan.
This will be her fourth meeting with
Anthony Albanesei. So, uh, necessity
really making this already close
relationship even closer. And it was
just a couple of weeks ago that
Australia and Japan signed a 7 billion
dollar deal for 11 new frigots. Japanese
firms now the second largest investors
in Australia. Uh, so geopolitical
realities really driving the two
countries closer together at the moment.
uh Paul before uh well her her last stop
before Oz was was in Vietnam. What were
the agreements remind us reached on that
specific visit?
>> Yeah, very similar themes actually uh
deals to do with rare earths because
Vietnam has the world's sixth largest
reserves of rare earths. Also agreements
on communications, infrastructure
development, irrigation as well. And
Japan really wants to lift investment in
Vietnam to $5 billion annually, get
two-way trade to $60 billion uh by 2030
as well. So, it's very similar themes to
the sorts of deals that she's been
seeking here in Australia. Timing also
interesting because the defense minister
for Japan, Shinjurro Kisumi, is also
going to be in the Philippines this week
where he'll be overseeing defense
exercises. uh Japan's self-defense force
going to be involved uh fully armed uh
participating in those military
exercises for the first time. So once
again a real reflection of the
geopolitical realities of the moment.
>> Paul, thank you. Paul uh Allan there in
Sydney uh for us. Uh just a quick update
of some individual movers we're tracking
across equity markets. A2 Milk is down
substantially today. Uh and the news
flow is really I think unsurprising
given the the news flow is my point
here. We're down 11%. So the company's
actually recalling batches of products
sold in the US. Uh and that's after a
toxin uh was detected that is a toxin
that is linked to vomiting and nausea.
uh marking its first brush uh with this
contamination scare that has I guess in
some ways not the company itself rattled
uh the industry and shares are down
substantially of course on the back on
the back of that news. uh the opposite
is what we're seeing across Chinese tech
specifically with the likes of Xiaomi
and some of the EV players and I think
the intersection between Xiaomi and EVs
is also when you look at tech for
example and sensime which is also
gaining quite substantially today um and
yeah those two things in fact just on
volumes itself Xiaomi seems to be
dominating proceedings right now you
wouldn't be able to tell by the way just
looking at volumes on the Hangen tech
and a lot of that is Xiaomi that
mainland markets are shut today uh so it
is really punching well well above its
weight on the index itself and as far as
points and and volumes are are concerned
here.
>> Yeah, the April delivery numbers were
pretty upbeat. So I think that's what's
really leading that that charge here
when it comes to EV sector here today.
Um when you take a look when it comes to
the big movers in the region and still
sort of the big winners out there,
right? The SKHEX is the Samsung. Look at
SKHX is up some 9%. A media tech in
Taipei is also up close to 10% gains
here with TSMC up six. Um it is a
catch-up story just given that we were
shot on on on Friday. So you know of
course the the moves are a little bit
more magnified here today but still the
preference is of course still leaning
towards that whole AI trade in North
Asia.
>> Okay. Uh MSEI Asia Pacific is now a nose
hair away
uh from the top that we hit back before
the uh the war began. And as you can
see, we're extremely close now because
of this tech rally we're seeing in many
uh parts of the equity market in Asia.
And that's of course not withstanding.
Mainland markets and Japan are shut
today. Lots more ahead.
Welcome back. Taiwanese President Ling
has visited the southern African kingdom
of Esatini. That's after an earlier trip
was derailed when several African
countries closed their airspace to his
aircraft. Now lie posted on X saying
that Taiwan would not be deterred by
external pressure and would continue to
engage with the world. China has
criticized the visit meanwhile accusing
lie of sneaking onto a foreign aircraft
to leave the island. Meanwhile, on
Sunday, Taiwan's government condemned
China after the sudden cancellation of
an annual digital rights conference that
was scheduled to be held in Zambia,
saying Beijing pressured the host
country over Taiwanese participation.
>> And you know, that then takes us to this
conversation we had with the head of the
opposition party, Taiwan's main
opposition party here, has asked uh in
fact, meanwhile, amidst all of this
that's taking place, um has asked to
meet President Trump on a planned trip
to the US. Uh, speaking exclusively to
Bloomberg, KMT chairperson Chong uh, Lee
Wun actually told us that she has high
expectations for a visit and that
Beijing is aware of her plans.
My visit to the United States has never
been a secret and I've been discussing
it for a very long time. I personally
have high expectation for our visit to
the US. So Beijing is certainly aware of
this. I believe the message is that so
far the responses we have received from
Xiinping have been positive and
friendly.
What is your first blush impression of
Donald Trump?
He is indeed completely unconventional
and unpredictable. However, I hope that
within President Trump's limited term, I
believe he also hopes to create a legacy
that will be forever remembered in
history. If this includes achieving
peace in the region, peace across the
Taiwan Strait, and world peace, I
believe it will be extremely important
for President Trump's historical
standing.
You say you would like to meet Donald
Trump. Are there certain asurances that
you would like to get from him as far as
the defense of Taiwan or anything
anything particular asurances you would
want to get from Donald Trump?
>> I believe the most important message is
still peace and I hope that as everyone
knows Taiwan is an economy with very
close trade ties to the world.
Therefore, world peace, free markets,
and trade are of paramount importance to
Taiwan.
>> Obviously, President Ling believes more
spending for military, a T-dome for
Taiwan. Um, defense spending equals
sustainable peace according to the
ruling party right now. You believe
Taiwan should spend less. Can you give
us the number you're thinking the
Gingong, the KMT would be okay with and
would approve?
Taiwan.
>> In fact, the key point isn't the
numbers, but rather that Taiwan needs a
genuine defense force capable of
self-defense. That's why we have
continued arms purchases from the US
since World War II. There is no doubt
that KMT has a strong support on that.
But the problem with these numbers today
is that they lack substance. We can't
authorize something without a clear
plan. We can't give the DPP a blank
check. Our difficulty lies in the fact
that the specific figures, details, and
projects involved are unknown. This is
why we can only offer 380 billion
Taiwanese dollars at present. But this
is not just 380 billion. We fully
support the arms purchase from the US.
I have to ask you about another uh very
sensitive issue and that is of course
the differences and the diplomatic um
row between Beijing and Tokyo. Yeah.
>> Because of Taki Iichi's comments about
Taiwan about any invasion of Taiwan
would be a survival threatening
situation for Japan. You know the
situation it it is now. But you were in
Nanjing. You made some comments recently
about Japan's colonial past.
>> Yes.
>> Can you can you clarify
>> how damaging it might have been or if
you feel it was damaging those comments
from Takian about Taiwan that that has
made the situation more perilous for
Taiwan or what are your views of her
comments?
>> She's backing Taiwan. She's backing
Taiwan.
>> Yes, I know. I know. I know.
I believe Prime Minister Sani
Takahichi's remarks were quite
provocative to Beijing. Of course, those
of us in Taiwan hope for regional peace
and stability.
Therefore, I've always advocated a
different approach to discussions, not
focusing on whether Taiwan or Japan is
in trouble, but rather striving to
ensure that Taiwan is safe, Japan is
safe, and everyone is safe.
And that was Taiwan's Guingong Party
chairperson Jen Leewin speaking to our
very own Stephen Engel in Taipei. Let's
bring in Jason Shu now, senior fellow at
the Hudson Institute. He's also a former
KMT party lawmaker. Jason, it's great to
have you on the program. Uh and and just
really just bringing it back to what
we've seen uh of late of China really in
some ways trying different ways to
isolate Taiwan. Uh whether you talk
about you know used to be about poaching
diplomatic allies now it's there's
reportedly they're restricting you know
airspace and the global movements of of
the president. Um and now even courting
the KMT spokes chairperson jun to that
visit as well. What do you make of of
what seems to be a change of tactics
from China?
Look, I it's clear that Beijing is doing
it, you know, sort of a a twoprong
strategies. One is to continue the
diplomatic coercion by dictating where
uh uh the elected president of Taiwan
can visit diplomatically and continues
to offer uh favors to opposition leaders
and even to affect the uh defense budget
and to influence uh the defense uh
policies and defense capability
preparations. Now this is a serious and
alarming issue when both Taiwan's
diplomatic space is now oppressed uh by
Beijing and also Beijing continuously to
control uh Taiwan's uh policy and as
well as potentially defense budget
through controlling an agency in Taiwan
with a very small fraction within the
KMT party that is pro-China and this is
a very dangerous trend that is going to
move forward and are going to affect
Taiwan um militarily and politically.
>> Okay, complete that sentence for us.
Where does this lead? And you mentioned
the word dangerous which is an
interesting uh description here. So
where do you think if if the current
momentum sustains uh paint the next few
years for us? Well, look, Beijing is not
going to let go of its aggression or
threat just because uh KMT is in office
or DBP is in office. It's ambition to
Taiwan is glaring and is persistent. So,
uh to continuously to uh influence uh
Taiwan's defense budget through the
opposition party is becoming a national
security issue. If Taiwan cannot arm
itself with asymmetrical capabilities,
with enough of uh defense capabilities,
we will have fallen into uh
vulnerabilities and the victimhood of a
Beijing's uh coercion. And that is to
say that we won't even have the right
capabilities to defend ourselves. And
this is just to deter uh Beijing's
aggression. And now without even enough
and sufficient budget to plan a next 3
to 5 years now it's becoming a big big
problem.
Uh we got a big meeting coming up as
well, Jason, between presidents Trump
and she this month. You know, there's
there's fears among the the Taiwanese
that maybe that, you know, this Taiwan
issue will make it into this meeting and
that maybe, you know, a transactional
Donald Trump will maybe change it, you
know, change or make a shift in Taiwan
in return for some of the trade deal
with China. How concerned should Taiwan
be on that? I think what we really worry
that is Taiwan end up becoming on the
menu especially when uh Trump and she
are prepared to meet and at this moment
in time that our defense budget is still
up in the air. Um, as of today, uh,
Taiwan's legislative UN is conducting
the third round of a negotiation and
it's likely that the, uh, legislative,
uh, UN would move to the, uh, vote, the
floor vote on May 8th. And so if the
defense budget cannot be met with
sufficient uh allocation, it means that
President Trump going into that meeting
with President Xi uh she would have some
sort of a leverage to tell Trump that
hey look Taiwan is not even uh sure of
its own defense uh preparation. Why
should US arm Taiwan if Taiwan itself is
doesn't want to buy weapons? So that
becomes itself a uh handover uh to shei
and making it easy for shei to get the
biggest ve v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v
v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v v
v v v v victory out of this summit which
which is basically to tell Trump to
either reduce the arm sale or even to
delay or even completely uh stop u the
already approved arm sales to Taiwan. So
if Taiwan does not um move quickly, uh
Taiwan could easily become on the menu
uh under Trump and she um negotiation.
>> And Jason, it seems politically
>> the bandwidth on a global stage seems to
be narrowing for Taiwan.
Uh will the economy
take take an impact? Does it does it
matter for for the economy which seems
to be doing extremely well? Well, the
economy is doing extremely well
obviously, you know, led by the uh the
surge of AI supply chain and as well as
the the chip sector uh led by uh TSMC
and Taiwan stock market is at all-time
high and suppressing that of uh uh
London and several other key markets in
the world. And so the the the country
has enjoyed a very thriving economy but
it's also alarming that it is
concentrated on uh few stocks and that
is a problem when Taiwan is a
geopolitical flash point. So we need to
make sure that we have enough of uh
capabilities to ensure that whenever the
threat is eminent or is looming that we
have enough um preparations to deter uh
aggression um at that point and also
semiconductor uh as part of the global
supply chain is also very much um a
centerpiece of this as well. So if
there's any sort of a contingency, I
think it would have a global rippling
effect on the semiconductor and the
financial markets in the world.
The the Iran war certainly has raised a
lot of questions about whether this is
an opening for China to move on Taiwan
just given that the US seems to be very
distracted with with the Middle East
here right now and their presence in in
in this part of the world has has
diminished. Do you think the the
prospect of a major conflict between
China and Taiwan has actually increased
or do you think the opposite since this
war began? Yeah, look, we we we we are
worried about a a US strategic
distraction because of the Iran uh
operation and as well as how uh Trump is
eager to uh reach a deal with Xiinping
and in any sort of ways to make a
concession politically to to Xiinping
and also what happens to the street of
Humus is a learning uh to uh people of
Taiwan and leadership in Taiwan that any
sort of a choke point that can happen on
this title type of a straight is very
likely as as Taiwan straight is very
much also a energy tanker pathways um uh
around the uh South China Sea as well as
going through the f first island chain
in Indo-Pacific. So we are watching this
very clearly closely but I I think that
uh Beijing is also learning the lesson
as well in in terms of if they want to
blockade Taiwan how would they stage uh
such a way that it would make us uh
first of all uh distracted and but also
make a deal to uh Trump that it's not
easy for them to get involved and so do
the other allies as well.
Jason, thank you so much for spending
the time these these few minutes with
us. Jason Shu there, senior fellow at
the Hudson Institute joining us from
from Washington uh just now there.
Right. Um we're about an hour and 12
minutes into the cash market session
here in Hong Kong. Midland markets are
shut. A couple of more of course uh
since other markets open before Hong
Kong. And man oh man, check this out. So
I think it's it's extremely rare that
you see Korea, Taiwan,
>> and Hong Kong move this much in in
tandem, which is quite rare because it's
usually Cosby and Taiwan and not Hong
Kong or the opposite, right? And that
puts us very very close to a record
here.
>> And look at SK Hanik. That's what's
really lifting the Cosby here right now.
We're talking about 11% gains here. So
the Cosby is at a record.
>> Um you know this on the back of what
what happened last week, right? You had
US tech earnings. Um then of course the
market was shot on Friday. So there is a
big sort of catch-up story here and and
also you know there is some support
given that you know the Iran situation
there's talk about you know really the
resumption of shipping through the
straight of Hormus all that kind of adds
to a really good day of risk here and so
therefore we're taking a look at when it
comes to SKH uh BFA securities also just
raised their price target to 1.8 million
one for that stock in particular. Okay.
So, a couple of milestones that we're
likely to hit um given how quickly
Taiwan and Korea. So, we talked about
this last week actually. So, so Taiwan
is what is it larger than Canada? It's
larger than the UK. Um dare I say um
maybe in two weeks
>> Taiwan surpasses India. That's that's
that's my that's my uh fearful estimate.
That's the hedge. Uh so Taiwan is now
about 4.5
trillion in market cap. India is about
4.9. Uh and the you know Taiwan closed
half a trillion very very quickly
recently. So and Korea's very uh close
behind. So that's probably going to
happen.
>> I mean at this rate it's when not an if.
>> Yeah. I mean they're taking you know big
markets
down by the week it seems uh right now.
So, and you mentioned the first quarter
GDP numbers that we got last week, which
nuts,
>> you know, nuts double digit gains.
You're talking about 13 14%. Uh, it's
the biggest growth we've seen since
1987. So, 39 years, uh, really. And you
take a look at when it comes to the PMI
numbers and everything. I mean, it's
really that whole chip export, silicon
shield manufacturing theme that
continues to dominate and you're seeing
that in Korea as well.
>> Yes. Um, the good point we we brought up
with the guest early on, right?
politically it's they're in a bit of a
pickle. The economy doesn't seem to be
showing any any
>> signs. But we have been talking about
foreigners are net selling still when it
comes to Taiwan.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> That is one caveat.
>> Yeah. They're pulling back a little bit
from this. Um okay. The opposite of uh
Tina, I believe. Anyway. Okay. Uh lots
more ahead. This this is Bloomberg.
right, welcome back. You're just in
time. So, we're there. Um, we have taken
out the previous peak. We'll see, of
course, if this is where uh we end the
day, but Asian stocks are now above uh
the peak before the war began. And it
effectively puts us at a record high on
the regional benchmark as we speak.
>> Yeah. And of course, it's all thanks to
really that AI trade, right? It's not
just Korea, not just Taiwan coming back.
We talked about how H's tech, you know,
which has been sort of the lagard in all
this given the fact that there is that
sort of software sort of exposure and it
really has been the next surpassed a lot
of more of the optimism and really where
that AI play is given that that hardware
supply chain is very much centered in
the Shenzhen uh benchmark. Uh but even
HS Tech today I is coming back and
starting this trading month on a pretty
strong note as well. So it brings us
back to always to AI Dave.
>> It it really does. And an interesting
development in China very recently a
Chinese court has ruled uh that
companies cannot they're not allowed to
lay off employees uh just to replace
them with systems based on AI. Now the
decision here highlights this battle uh
to balance really a stable labor market
with obviously being able to embrace
global technologies especially of course
in this case AI. Alan Wong who leads our
China economy and government coverage is
here with us to talk us through the so
what did we learn and what did the court
decide here? Yeah. So the court in
eastern China in Hjo actually ruled that
uh this company that just deploy AI um
cannot legally just u remove this worker
just because uh his capability has been
replaced by machines and uh ironically
this person's job was to audit the
results of large language models and the
company used some new AI system to
replace him and uh demoted him and uh
docked his pay by 40%. So he took he
took it to court and then the court
ruled in favor of him saying that a
company uh under this circumstance
cannot legally uh lay off this person uh
because the legal provision is that if
there are external and uncontrolled
circumstances a company is uh allowed to
uh terminate employees. But uh this
ruling followed on an early ruling late
last year that uh upgrading your systems
using AI, replacing your workers using
AI is not legitimate reason just to lay
off your workers. And if I'm a worker,
I'm sure certainly this this court
ruling is is certainly welcome news just
given every day we see news of AI
developments in China and really you
know the displacement of it all and what
you know what industries could be
disrupted.
>> Why do you think China is going that
route to implement something like this?
>> Uh there are lots of numbers that uh
that might keep China's um officials
overseeing the labor market up at night.
There was a recent statistic showing
that the the 25 to 29 year old cohort uh
uh had the highest jobless rate uh in u
in a few years since they revamped that
metric. So that age group uh is exactly
the people that will be looking for some
sort of entry- level jobs. Uh but those
jobs are rapidly being replaced by AI.
So they cannot get that sort of training
going. And then if you occupying those
positions right now, you'll be worried
for your job because AI, you know, the
bosses using the right AI tools could
potentially replace them with it. Um,
for China, I mean, the calculations is
that uh there's a lot more um the social
aspect of AI replacing workers is a lot
more uh um consequential than how AI
could boost productivity. And obviously
like all governments, AI will want to
balance those interests. But uh because
China's political system puts a lot of
expectations on a government to perform
uh so it has a greater sense of
responsibility to ensure that uh people
get the jobs and also uh the economy can
can be put on a path of growth using AI
uh it's a tough act to balance
>> it certainly is as you say given what
we've seen in youth unemployment the
trends there Alan thank you so much for
highlighting that story for us Ellen
Wong who leads our China economy and
government coverage um you saw a little
bit of glimpse of that um when we're
talking about AI jobs and even our
industry, Dave. Um, certainly job
security is one thing we bring up all
the time with will AI anchors one day
take over our jobs. It really kind of
leads our our trending segment here
today on the China show and we're
talking particularly when it comes to
what Hunan Broadcasting Network did over
the weekend. This happened at the Star
Labor Day holiday in greater China.
>> Okay, on the right I got to tell you,
are the real human anchors, right?
That's May Dong, that's Suni Ping.
They're introducing them the new
colleagues, the AI generated Shang Shang
and Shong Shong. These are AI generated
anchors that the network will be using
for the 24-hour reporting and are part
of efforts to improve efficiency and
reduce costs. Dave, what do you think
about this?
>> We were talking earlier, right, that we
could
>> Oh,
>> we could
>> they could they walk together.
I can't tell which one is
>> is real. Is
>> that's the scary part of it.
>> Well, I think one of the comments was
actually interesting because they I
think the comment was on the the female
AI anchor looks awfully like most other
anchors now. But I think that's a
that's a different that's a different
comment. You know what?
>> But you can battle your own.
>> We have we have our perfect
imperfections, David. Okay. So, you
know, people I I I hope people tune into
the show because of that. Because of our
lovely banter, not because of, you know,
how put together and how we can read
something very precisely and accurately,
right?
>> Imperfection is the way to go.
>> Perfect imperfection.
>> Yes. There we go.
>> Yes. All right. We're going to leave it
there.
>> We're not going anywhere.
>> No, we're not at least for five minutes.
>> Right. Welcome back. Before we wrap up
the show, just to tell you that we are
set for a record high here in the Asia
Pacific. We'll see you all tomorrow.